So to reverse the string, without affecting special characters
Let us write a function reverse by passing the string
str into it.
We need to declare and initialise start and end index
pointers. So write int start equal to zero and int end
equal to length(str)-1
Now we should compare the characters at start and end indices.
If both are alphabets swap them and increment
start and decrement end.
And if start index has a special character, skip it
by incrementing start
And if end index has a special character, skip it
by decrementing end and continue this process and this
should be done till start is less than end.
So write while start less than end and check
if the characters pointed by start and end are alphabets
for that, write a function isAlphabet by passing the character
So the parameter here is character ch. So check
if ch is any capital letter or if it is
any small letter. So write return ch greater than or
equal to capital A and ch less than or
equal to capital Z. Or ch greater than or equal to
small a and ch is less than or equal to
small z
So if first or second condition is true
True will be returned by this function
So here, as we said, we have to check if
start or end is pointing any special character
So write if not isalphabet of str[start]
then increment start that is start++ else
not isalphabet of str[end]. Then do end--
Otherwise if both are alphabets then swap them. So write
else swap (&str[start] and &str[end])
And after swapping increment start
and decrement end. So write start++ and
end--.
So that's all and the work is done
We will get our reversed string without changing the special
characters in it.